It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
On each full moon
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
This is the big break I've been waiting for.
When I think about space too much, it feels like my brain is going to explode.
You don't need 20 captains.
I plan to weed the yard today.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
The Nazis are considered bad because they succeeded in carrying out their ideal of ending the Jews.
We already know the truth.
She’s now wearing headphones.
She didn't know if it was an ethical issue that she wasn't disclosing certain information.
Your mom is so nice for giving me a ride home today.
This is the biggest car in the world.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
There is a huge market for coffee.
I'm starving.
She wished she had bought Bitcoin back in 2010.
What can I do for you?
Being fashionable is a lot of work.
Don't let it get wet!
Leapin' lizards!
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
With the high wind warning
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Hit me with your pet shark!
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
So long and thanks for the fish.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.